# README

# LOSolver.jl

This project includes rewritten subroutines from the LAPACK library in Julia.

# Copyright and Licenses

The Julia code in this project is distributed under the terms of the MIT License:

Copyright (c) 2009-2023: Jeff Bezanson, Stefan Karpinski, Viral B. Shah, and other contributors: https://github.com/JuliaLang/julia/contributors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

end of terms and conditions

--------------------------

The LAPACK library is included in this project. It is distributed under the following license:

Copyright (c) 1992-2013 The University of Tennessee and The University
                        of Tennessee Research Foundation.  All rights
                        reserved.
Copyright (c) 2000-2013 The University of California Berkeley. All
                        rights reserved.
Copyright (c) 2006-2013 The University of Colorado Denver.  All rights
                        reserved.

Additional copyrights may follow

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

- Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

- Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer listed
  in this license in the documentation and/or other materials
  provided with the distribution.

- Neither the name of the copyright holders nor the names of its
  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
  this software without specific prior written permission.

The copyright holders provide no reassurances that the source code
provided does not infringe any patent, copyright, or any other
intellectual property rights of third parties.  The copyright holders
disclaim any liability to any recipient for claims brought against
recipient by any third party for infringement of that parties
intellectual property rights.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

# Distinguishing Rewritten Code

The rewritten code from LAPACK in Julia is contained in separate namespaces or modules. This separation ensures a clear distinction between the original LAPACK code and the rewritten code in this project.

# Attribution and Acknowledgement

This project acknowledges the contributions of the original LAPACK library developed by the University of California Berkeley, the University of Colorado Denver, the University of Tennessee and the University of Tennessee Research Foundation. The rewritten code in Julia is based on the LAPACK library and its algorithms.

When referencing or distributing this project, please include an appropriate acknowledgment of LAPACK as the source of the original algorithms and provide attribution to the LAPACK project.

# Compliance with LAPACK License

In compliance with the LAPACK license, the copyright notice, conditions, and disclaimer of the original LAPACK library are retained in this project. When distributing the rewritten code, please ensure that the LAPACK license information is included along with the project.

# Disclaimer

This README file does not constitute legal advice. It is provided for informational purposes only. For specific legal guidance, please consult the original licenses, seek professional legal advice, or refer to the relevant licensing authorities.
